Add page with instructions for connecting to eduroam (#72)
neuropoly/intranet.neuro.polymtl.ca: onboarding/campus-access.md

* Check-in with your supervisor if you have any plans to come on campus, as you will need to be authorized first.
* Read over the [NeuroPoly Lab Reopening guide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1JtJLcgdA7aXuxRHIzu1hN_lLjYK8PI0BKa0OK-155TE/edit#slide=id.p1) to learn about the mandatory training procedures that are necessary for returning to the lab.
* Check the pinned messages in the [\#covid-19 ](https://app.slack.com/client/T034UD4QN/C015YFVFWJC) channel on NeuroPoly's Slack for the most up-to-date info, as the situation is likely to change as the pandemic evolves.

### WiFi Access

#### (Non-eduroam Campus WiFi)

TODO. (JN: As a non-Montreal employee, I don't know anything about how non-eduroam campus WiFi works.)

#### Eduroam

> As part of your PolyMTL CAS account (`@polymtl.ca`), you are granted access to the 'eduroam' network across campuses internationally. Setting up a connection to this network requires additional steps beyond just logging in. For more information on how to log into eduroam, please visit the ['Computing Resources - Eduroam'](https://intranet.neuro.polymtl.ca/computing-resources/eduroam.html) page.

Author: I've added this section on WiFI access, but I'm not quire sure whether we should also include a section on non-eduroam WiFi access (or whether that's fairly self-explanatory for most people).

Asking because I've never connected to the normal wifi, hehe.

Reviewer: I've never been able to use the non-eduroam networks either. I **think** poly prefers issuing visitor passes to connect to eduroam rather than the alt networks. There's a network called "robots" that's for, well, the robots under dev in the pavillion, but that needs special dispensation to get access to and is out of scope for us.

I think we can drop that section.

> As part of your PolyMTL CAS account (`@polymtl.ca`), you are granted access to the 'eduroam' network across campuses internationally. Setting up a connection to this network requires additional steps beyond just logging in. For more information on how to log into eduroam, please visit the ['Computing Resources - Eduroam'](https://intranet.neuro.polymtl.ca/computing-resources/eduroam.html) page.

Author: Also, I noticed that elsewhere in this file, we're linking directly to the rendered .html links, so I copied that convention here too.

@kousu does the website's current form of markup allow for anchors/references that we can link to instead, like Sphinx does? I'm not sure if that's something we want to aim for, e.g. to avoid dead links.

Reviewer: This is a sphinx doc, so it is hyperlink aware. I tested to double-check my memory and this syntax works fine:

```suggestion
### WiFi Access

#### (Non-eduroam Campus WiFi)

TODO. (JN: As a non-Montreal employee, I don't know anything about how non-eduroam campus WiFi works.)

#### Eduroam

As part of your PolyMTL CAS account (`@polymtl.ca`), you are granted access to the 'eduroam' network across campuses internationally. Setting up a connection to this network requires additional steps beyond just logging in. For more information on how to log into eduroam, please visit the ['Computing Resources - Eduroam'](/computing-resources/eduroam.md) page.
```

MyST makes sure that if the link works on GitHub it will work when rendered by sphinx.

Reviewer: Actually that link won't work on GitHub? But it does work in sphinx, sphinx rewrites it to a relative link:

```
<a class="reference internal" href="../computing-resources/eduroam.html"><span class="doc std std-doc">‘Computing Resources - Eduroam’</span></a>
```

Author: Even though this gets rid of the `.html`, it's still dependent on the exact location of the page. (E.g. page reorgs/renames will still break this kind of reference.)

I think I was looking for, like... links to sections that aren't dependent on exact page paths? Like `:ref:'section-reference'`.

It's not a huge deal though, I think?
